packages/ | git@github.com:nocobase/pro-plugins.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-file-storage-s3-pro.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-backups.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-workflow-approval.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-auth-wecom-huaxiabank.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-auth-ldap.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-departments.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-audit-logger.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-auth-dingtalk.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-data-visualization-echarts.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-data-source-external-oracle.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-auth-wecom.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-block-multi-step-form.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-auth-oidc.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-email-manager.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-action-template-print.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-workflow-javascript.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-workflow-json-variable-mapping.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-workflow-subflow.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-workflow-date-calculation.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-block-tree.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-workflow-webhook.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-migration-manager.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-qr-uploader.git
packages/plugins/@nocobase/ | git@github.com:nocobase/plugin-migration-manager.git
packages/plugins/@youchaoyun/ | git@github.com:nocobase/youchaoyun.git